Fix branch 0.17.0 0.8 clusterawsadm yaml quotes (#922)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/operations-manual/pages/installation.adoc

* Pull-through cache rules configured in Amazon ECR for the five upstreams used by _Stratio KEOS_: `registry.k8s.io`, `docker.io`, `ghcr.io`, `quay.io`, and `public.ecr.aws`.
* IAM permissions on the node role: `ecr:BatchImportUpstreamImage` and `ecr:CreateRepository`.

> Si tienes `spec.security.aws.create_iam: true` en el descriptor, _Stratio Cloud Provisioner_ añade estos permisos automáticamente al crear el _cluster_. Si gestionas los recursos IAM de forma manual (`create_iam: false`) o necesitas habilitarlos en una cuenta existente, actualiza el _stack_ de AWS CloudFormation con `clusterawsadm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have `spec.security.aws.create_iam: true` in the descriptor, _Stratio Cloud Provisioner_ adds these permissions automatically when creating the cluster. If you manage IAM resources manually (`create_iam: false`) or need to enable them on an existing account, update the AWS CloudFormation stack with `clusterawsadm`:
```

> NOTE: El usuario de AWS con el que ejecutas `clusterawsadm` debe tener los permisos recogidos en el fichero xref:attachment$stratio-aws-temp-policy.json[stratio-aws-temp-policy.json].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The AWS user that you run `clusterawsadm` with must have the permissions listed in the xref:attachment$stratio-aws-temp-policy.json[stratio-aws-temp-policy.json] file.
```
